hi YouTube this is me make a video of
the reaction of the new Harry Potter the
half-blood Prince trailer so but my
reaction is that it is the greatest
movie that will come on 2009 it's just
amazing the special effects them the the
witches duels everything yeah so I'm
gonna talk about each scene I've got I
watched the trailer so I'm gonna watch
it so here we go the first thing
ha
okay this scene is when Harry Potter a
Dumbledore are and like like in our like
a rock where water is because there's a
cave that they're trying to find like a
secret of the I dig so it's very dark
there that's why I think the tries to
find like a chicken or I answer to that
question in these times now the soul
door because the Walter Bart is just
common now his powers are getting more
stronger that you can't even imagine
so yeah and they're really really scared
and he had to fight together so they
could be here okay
now this same you see Ron and hugging a
girl that's his girl from his new
girlfriend and Himani gray dress Emma
Watson I like him
she's I think she's jealous that ron has
a girlfriend and she loves one wrong I'm
Hermione
now don't forget said raker to do on
mission for his and you see that such
effort that's not talking about these
developers producers anybody who did the
video edit is photoflex needs at least
to hell like they like a water stop it
like like like I think I take your
thanks for doing that cuz we're all that
special food like a flap at those are
the Death Eaters that's hot
oh yeah their attack there but they say
did they say that the guards hack the
the wizard which is word at our world
that's super classy they destroy no now
everybody is like the dark times now
that everybody cuz not love will
tomorrow just like like he's had so much
power that doesn't go nearly be dead
already
you see it apart doesn't said I have I
had seen part like actually imagine you
see
okay Harry Potter let me tell you this
Harry Potter's the chosen one yeah gotta
fight
and this part with this part Draco and
Mount Draco Malfoy and um okay part of
finding their door now this part you see
that that is destroying the Weasley
house okay to me that to me that clear
wood States it it's over to me it's like
how could you sleep how can you leave
Dumbledore side to the bad side of the
evil Dark Lord so I'm like what the hell
is wrong with you you betrayed double
dual hook a people could that part ways
he will be holy like that
holy like this that's jackals wrinkles
my Draco Malfoy's mom okay I'm gonna
play for you this really fast
okay that person right there
that's Draco Malfoy's mom look at that
puff see that part he passed away
Draco Malfoy saying I have to do this is
like because to me because his dad is in
that side he has to do it because his
dad is a follower of the Dark Lord for
Baltimore see Harry Potter's like fight
back I say don't quit don't give up
fight fight fight
that's right - that's what to me he says
except don't quit oh cool
okay July 17 and the problem with that
is that blah why is that
pretty July 70 seriously the lumber not
slicing the tea why cause you guys are
so stupid I swear
well not Robin you need some help that's
my video and be on Facebook brand
macario's YouTube a car one two three al
e YT and bye Pete